IsAccountIdentifierLoggingEnabled (#27520)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/identity/Azure.Identity/README.md

All credentials can be configured with diagnostic options, in the same way as other clients in the SDK.

> CAUTION: Requests and responses in the Azure Identity library contain sensitive information. Precaution must be taken to protect logs when customizing the output to avoid compromising account security.

``` c#

> DefaultAzureCredentialOptions options = new DefaultAzureCredentialOptions()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
var options = new DefaultAzureCredentialOptions
```

Reviewer 2: I thought we generally avoid using `var` in our samples.

All credentials can be configured with diagnostic options, in the same way as other clients in the SDK.

> > **CAUTION:** Requests and responses in the Azure Identity library contain sensitive information. Precaution must be taken to protect logs when customizing the output to avoid compromising account security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **CAUTION:** Requests and responses in the Azure Identity library contain sensitive information. Precaution must be taken to protect logs, when customizing the output, to avoid compromising account security.
```

};
```

> Additionally, when troubleshooting authentication issues, it may be desireable not to enable `IsLoggingContentEnabled`, which logs sensitive information, but to only log details about the account that was used to attempt authentication and authorization. To log these details, set `IsAccountIdentifierLoggingEnabled` to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When troubleshooting authentication issues, you may also want to enable logging of sensitive information. To enable this type of logging, set the `IsLoggingContentEnabled` property to `true`. To only log details about the account that was used to attempt authentication and authorization, set `IsAccountIdentifierLoggingEnabled` to `true`.
```

```c#

> DefaultAzureCredentialOptions options = new DefaultAzureCredentialOptions()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
var options = new DefaultAzureCredentialOptions
```
